---
layout: page
title: Code of Conduct
permalink: /coc/
---

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have
any other concerns, please contact the Code of Conduct committee at DjangoCon
US by emailing [[emailÂ protected]](https://2016.djangocon.us/cdn-cgi/l/email-
protection#9dfef2feddf9f7fcf3faf2fef2f3b3e8ee) or by reaching out to one of
the conference organizers on site.

If there is an emergency, please contact a DEFNA board member (Stacey Haysler
or Craig Bruce) at (415) 295-2728, Lacey Williams Henschel at (512) 677-7851,
or Jeff Triplett at (785) 813-1840. If your physical safety or the physical
safety of others is at risk, please dial 911.

## DjangoCon's Code of Conduct

DjangoCon US is a community conference intended for networking and
collaboration in the developer community.

We value the participation of each member of the Django community and want all
attendees to have an enjoyable and fulfilling experience. Accordingly, all
attendees are expected to show respect and courtesy to other attendees
throughout the conference, at all conference events, and in all conference
online spaces (such as Slack), whether officially sponsored by DjangoCon or
not.

To make clear what is expected, all delegates/attendees, speakers, exhibitors,
organizers and volunteers at any DjangoCon event are required to conform to
the following Code of Conduct. Organizers will enforce this code throughout
the event.

## The Short Version

DjangoCon is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference experience
for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation,
disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not
tolerate harassment of conference participants in any form.

All communication should be appropriate for a professional audience including
people of many different backgrounds. Sexual language and imagery is not
appropriate for any conference venue, including talks.

Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down other attendees. Behave
professionally. Remember that harassment and sexist, racist, or exclusionary
jokes are not appropriate for DjangoCon. Attendees violating these rules may
be asked to leave the conference without a refund at the sole discretion of
the conference organizers.

Thank you for helping make this a welcoming, friendly event for all.

## The Longer Version

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, gender
identity, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size,
race, religion, sexual images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation,
stalking, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption
of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual
attention.

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply
immediately.

Exhibitors in the expo hall, sponsor or vendor booths, or similar activities
are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In particular, exhibitors
should not use sexualized images, activities, or other material. Booth staff
(including volunteers) should not use sexualized clothing/uniforms/costumes,
or otherwise create a sexualized environment.

Be careful in the words that you choose. Remember that sexist, racist, and
other exclusionary jokes can be offensive to those around you. Excessive
swearing and offensive jokes are not appropriate for DjangoCon.

If a participant engages in behavior that violates this code of conduct, the
conference organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, including
warning the offender or expulsion from the conference with no refund.

## Important Numbers

Conference staff will be happy to help participants contact venue security or
local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing
harassment to feel safe for the duration of the conference. We value your
attendance.

## Photos

In order to make DjangoCon US 2016 a great experience for everyone, do not
photograph, video, or audio record anyone at DjangoCon without their express
permission, sought in advance. If someone does not want to be photographed,
video or audio recorded, please respect their wishes.

Crowd shots are permitted, but when only the faces of a few people are
visible, permission should be sought from all of those individuals.

## License

This Code of Conduct was forked from the example policy from the [Geek
Feminism wiki](http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Conference_anti-
harassment/Policy), created by the Ada Initiative and other volunteers. which
is under a Creative Commons Zero license.

Conference Code of Conduct by
[2016.djangocon.us/coc/](https://2016.djangocon.us/coc/) is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).

