---
layout: page
title: Sponsor Information
permalink: /sponsors/info/
---

## What is DjangoCon?

This July, more than 500 people from the Django community will descend upon
Philadelphia for a day of tutorials, three days of talks, and two days of code
sprints. There is no better place to recruit Django developers than at
DjangoCon US!

DjangoCon US is the largest single gathering of Django developers in the
world. Sponsorship will put you directly in front of your candidate pool.

Do you have a product (hosting, SaaS, developer tools) that is useful to
Django developers? A booth at DjangoCon will give you the opportunity to meet,
greet, and demo your product to hundreds of potential customers!

The open source community survives on the goodwill of its members. If you
operate a business that profits in any way from Django, sponsoring community
events is a great way to say "thanks." By supporting the community who builds
and supports the software you use, you help ensure its happiness, health, and
productivity.

The conference is organized by [DEFNA](http://www.defna.org/), a non-profit
501(c)(3) organization, which means your sponsorship is tax-deductible! Your
sponsorship dollars will go towards conference expenses and will help us
toward our goals: improving the experience and reducing the attendee costs.

## Sponsorship levels

## Diversity Sponsorships

Django and the Python community at-large pride themselves on their diversity.
Talk to us about contributing to our Financial Aid fund, which prioritizes
grants for people from underrepresented groups. Diversity sponsorship funds
will also be used to offset the cost of offering child care!

## Diamond $16,000 (Limit 3)

  * Preeminent booth space
  * Tote bag insert (provided by sponsor)
  * Logo on tote bags
  * Preeminent sponsor link on DjangoCon website
  * Logo in video rotation at the venue
  * Name featured in press release and event mailings
  * Two stand banners (if provided) in the main and second conference room
  * Logo featured on post-conference videos
  * Profile in the conference app, including logo and a text description
  * Logo on a banner carousel in the conference app 
  * Logo on the conference app menu
  * Send one push notification to attendees via the conference app
  * 8 free sponsor registrations

## Platinum $8,000

  * Booth space
  * Tote bag insert (provided by sponsor)
  * Platinum sponsor link on DjangoCon website
  * Logo in video rotation at the venue
  * Name included in press release and event mailings
  * Stand banners (if provided) in the second conference room, plus one in the main conference room (space permitting) 
  * Logo featured on post-conference videos
  * Profile in our conference app, including logo and a text description
  * Logo on a banner carousel in the conference app 
  * Logo on the conference app menu
  * 8 free sponsor registrations

## Gold $4,000

  * Tote bag insert (provided by sponsor)
  * Gold sponsor link on DjangoCon website
  * Logo in video rotation at the venue
  * Name included in press release and event mailings
  * Booth space (if available) 
  * Profile in our conference app, including logo and a text description
  * Logo on a banner carousel in the conference app 
  * 4 free sponsor registrations

## Silver $2,000

  * Tote bag insert (provided by sponsor)
  * Silver sponsor link on DjangoCon website
  * Logo in video rotation at the venue
  * Name included in press release and event mailings
  * Profile in our conference app, including logo and a text description
  * 2 free sponsor registrations

## Bronze $1,000

  * Tote bag insert (provided by sponsor)
  * Bronze sponsor link on DjangoCon website
  * Logo in video rotation at the venue
  * Profile in our conference app, including logo and a text description
  * Name included in press release and event mailings
  * 1 free sponsor registration

## Other Sponsorship Opportunities

The following a'la carte offerings are available to increase visibility
onsite.

## Refreshments $2,000 (Limit 6)

Conference organizers will recognize refreshment sponsors prior to each break
and ensure your company's name and logo are displayed on the refreshment
stands.

## Choose Your Own Sponsorship Adventure

Interested in another sponsorship opportunity? Get in touch and we'll do our
best to make it happen. Here's a few ideas or pitch us something new!

  * Breakfast
  * Evening events
  * Sprints
  * Opening Social Event 

## Important Information for Sponsors

### Quick Overview of the DjangoCon 2016 Conference

**Sunday, July 17th**

  * Registration Desk Open
  * Tutorials

**Monday, July 18th**

  * Registration Desk Open
  * Main Conference Day 1
  * Expo Hall
  * Opening Reception

**Tuesday, July 19th**

  * Registration Desk Open
  * Main Conference Day 2
  * Expo Hall

**Wednesday, July 20th**

  * Registration Desk Open
  * Main Conference Day 3
  * Expo Hall
  * Briefing on Sprints and launch of Sprints

**Thursday, July 21st**

**Friday, July 22nd**

### High Traffic in Sponsor area

**Monday, July 18th through Wednesday, July 20th: Talks (BOOTHS AVAILABLE)**

  * 8:00am to 9:00am (Breakfast)
  * 10:00am to 11:30am (AM Break)
  * 12:20pm - 1:30pm (Lunch)
  * 3:20pm - 3:40pm (PM Break)

Please follow the shipping instructions and deadlines given for your booth
material, swag bag inserts, and banners. If you have any questions on your
sponsorship package or on the info provided below, please email [[email
protected]](https://2016.djangocon.us/cdn-cgi/l/email-
protection#67141708091408151427030d06090008040809491214).

### Internet

We as a conference provide wifi in all of the conference space including the
expo. You are welcome to use this wifi at no additional cost, but it will be
shared with all of the attendees.

### Swag Bag Inserts

Please send 500 inserts. When picking your swag bag item, please keep in mind
that most people will have to pack the item into their suitcase/backpack for
traveling.

If you are shipping your inserts / swag then it needs to be delivered to the
venue between July 11th and July 15th.

