---
layout: page
title: Tickets
permalink: /tickets/
---

Thanks to the support of the The Wharton School at the University of
Pennsylvania, DjangoCon US 2016 will be one of the largest and most affordable
DjangoCon US conferences to date.

On average, our prices are 30% cheaper than last year and cheaper than any
previous DjangoCon US conference.

  * Our student/diversity rate this year is $195, a 22% savings (or $55) compared to last year's rate.

  * Our individual rate this year is $295, a 40% savings (or $200) compared to last year's rate.

  * Our corporate rate this year is $495, a 29% savings (or $200) compared to last year's rate.

We could not do this without our volunteers, the community, and our sponsors.

## Registration Info

Registration is open! We've worked hard to [lower ticket
prices](https://2016.djangocon.us/blog/2016/03/18/what-difference-year-makes/)
this year, and thus have low prices for students and individuals. [Financial
assistance is also available](https://2016.djangocon.us/financialaid/) to
those with limited budgets.

[Register for DjangoCon US 2016 here](https://defna.ticketbud.com/djangocon-
us-2016/web).

By registering for DjangoCon, you agree to abide by the [Code of
Conduct](https://2016.djangocon.us/coc/) at all events, whether officially
sponsored by the conference or not.

[Reserve your hotel
accommodation](https://www.starwoodmeeting.com/Book/django) to take advantage
of our discounted room rates.

## Which ticket should I pick?

If you are a student, unemployed, on a lower income, or feel you would benefit
from a reduced-priced ticket, please pick the student/diversity rate. If your
employer is paying your way then please pick the corporate rate. If you work
for a small company, or the corporate rate is not reasonable for your company,
then please pick the individual rate. State or government institutions should
use the corporate rate if they are able. If you need assistance with travel,
accommodation expenses, and/or a conference ticket then please [apply for a
grant](https://2016.djangocon.us/financialaid) by April 25.

We also have a diversity sponsorship tier. All funds from this tier will go to
our [Financial Aid program](https://2016.djangocon.us/financialaid). In
addition, sponsors may purchase extra tickets to help support someone else who
needs assistance. The more corporate tickets and donations that we receive,
the more student tickets and financial aid we can make available to attendees.

## What was the biggest change this year?

DjangoCon US is now 100% volunteer-based and supported by the non-profit
Django Events Foundation North America ([DEFNA](http://www.defna.org/)). All
profits are used to keep conference prices low and support community events.

## How can we drive the price of tickets down even more?

Our tickets are priced based on our overall costs to run the event. The only
way to drive the cost of conference tickets down is to increase our
sponsorship or to donate money to help offset these costs. If you'd like to
become a sponsor, [contact us](https://2016.djangocon.us/cdn-cgi/l/email-
protection#aad9dac5c4d9c5d8d9eacec0cbc4cdc5c9c5c484dfd9)!

## What is the refund policy?

DjangoCon US has the following tiered refund policy:

  * Refunds requested before 3rd July 2016 incur a 10% cancellation fee.
  * Refunds requested between 4th July 2016 and 10th July 2016 incur a 25% cancellation fee.
  * Refunds requested between 11th July 2016 and 17th July 2016 incur a 50% cancellation fee.
  * For all dates the cutoff is on or before 5:00 PM EDT per the time stamp on DEFNA's servers.

