---
accepted: true
category: talk
date: 2016-07-17 09:00
difficulty: Novice
layout: session-details
permalink: /talks/talk-56/
presenters: Zan Anderle
published: true
room: Room 1
summary: ''
title: Designing Good User Experience
track: ''
---

# Designing Good User Experience

This tutorial will show you how to design better UX using simple techniques
and some basic concepts. Using an example project, we will work together and
use these methods to see first-hand what it means to design UX.

User experience is an important aspect of **any**
application/website/interface, no matter the size. Good design directly
affects whether a user gets the most out of the application or not. Bad design
on the other hand hampers their ability to use the application, makes them
feel they are not in control and leads to frustration. Thinking about and
designing user experience should be a part of any software development
process. Budget, team size or time is no excuse.

## Isn't it difficult?

Designing great UX requires a lot of hard work. Designing pretty good UX? That
is actually quite easy. As Django developers (or web developers in general) we
can't always expect to have UX designers on team. But you don't have to be a
UX designer to get a hang of it. Any developer, regardless of their
experience, can benefit from learning about basics of UX design. And the good
news is that even just the basics will get you very far.

## What will we do in this tutorial?

We will go through some of the basics of designing user experience. We will
work together to show and try out some of the methods hands-on: We'll divide
into two groups and use imaginary DjangoCon apps for 1) note-taking and 2)
tweeting as examples to work on. Going through these methods hands-on will
give you the tools to design user experience of your next
app/website/interface, or improve an existing one.
We'll go over:

  * Story boards
  * Need finding
  * Prototyping
  * User testing
  * Evaluating (using heuristics)
  * User Onboarding

## Who is this for?

**Anyone** interested in learning the basics of user experience design and how to use this knowledge in their development process. There are no other prerequisites.