---
accepted: true
category: talk
date: 2016-07-17 09:00
difficulty: Novice
layout: session-details
permalink: /talks/talk-59/
presenters: Tracy Osborn
published: true
room: Room 1
summary: ''
title: Hello Web App Workshop
track: ''
---

# Hello Web App Workshop

This workshop will walk you through creating a basic web app using Python and
Django. Start working on your first web product with a database, registration
and login forms, and perhaps get on the path to a fun side-project or future
startup. Tailored for designers and non-programmers and taught by a designer.

Have you ever wanted to build something from scratch that other people could
use? There are tons of tutorials and instructions for writing your first
website using HTML and CSS, but building something that interacts with the
user -- a full, complete web application -- might feel unachievable and out of
reach. Not so!

This workshop will walk you through creating a basic web app using Python and
Django, from ideation to deployment. Set up your first web product with a
database, registration and login forms, and perhaps get on the path to a fun
side-project or future startup. Tailored for designers and non-programmers and
taught by a designer.

What we'll cover: _ Installation of Python &amp; Django, and deploying your
local web app. _ Setting up static files and templates to make it look like a
real website. _ Creating a database schema. _ Setting up registration, login,
and password recovery pages (if time allows). * Deployment on Heroku (if time
allows).

All workshop participants will get a free eBook copy of Hello Web App to
continue learning after the workshop.