---
author: Lacey Williams Henschel
category: General Announcements
date: 2016-07-06 00:00:00
layout: post
title: 'Announcing our Keynote Speakers '
---

# Announcing our Keynote Speakers

We're so excited about the keynote speakers for DjangoCon US 2016!

## Saron Yitbarek

![Saron](http://i.imgur.com/Y1Arwpc.jpg) Saron is a developer and the founder
of [CodeNewbie](http://www.codenewbie.org/), the most supportive community of
programmers and people learning to code. You can learn more about her in her
[original cartoon](http://bloggytoons.com/about/)!

Saron will be presenting her talk "Lucky: Examining the barriers to
contributing to open source":

Being an open source contributor requires many resources we often take for
granted: technical knowledge, confidence in that knowledge, access to
technical tools, and a socioeconomic status that allows us to code without
financial compensation. These resources are inaccessible to many, if not most.
Shifting the face of our community to better represent our increasingly global
user base requires us to examine what groups are least likely to have access
to these resources and how different organizations and initiatives are working
to remove these barriers and create entry points for groups of people who face
the biggest obstacles in their journey to becoming creators in our community.

Saron discusses specific issues around socioeconomic status, location, access
to education, and access to high-speed Internet and explains how these factors
affect the likelihood of being able to contribute to the open source
community. Saron unpacks the privilege most of us have as developers in the
developed world. By understanding the barriers many face to becoming creators
in our community and discussing actionable steps we can take to help, we will
be better equipped to create on-ramps for more people, leading to a more
inclusive space and a stronger coding community.

## Andrew Godwin

![Andrew](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/2823786181/7bb3b921ec50cc3eef7d
420ecec6392f_400x400.jpeg) Andrew is a Django core developer, the main force
behind Channels, South and Django's migrations, and in his day job works as a
Senior Software Engineer at Eventbrite, tackling architectural and backend
problems. When he's not trying to work out how to make computers do the right
thing, he enjoys flying small planes, archery and visiting lots of mountains.

Andrew will be presenting his talk "Architecting with Channels":

Django Channels came in with one headline feature - WebSockets - but the
impact on Django and the projects you can now write using it is far greater.

Andrew will explain the overall architecture of Channels, and how it
fundamentally changes Django in ways that allow for new kinds of code to be
written while keeping familiar APIs and being entirely backwards compatible,
before going on to showcase some advanced feature examples, scaling methods
and concerns, and deployment strategies.

Among other things, you'll discover how to use Channels to data-bind
WebSockets against Django models, see how consumers can work with incoming
emails rather than just web protocols, and how to integrate your own
asynchronous code for low-level networking with a Channels-based project.

## Janice Levenhagen-Seeley

![Janice](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/2278664055/js5sk83701nlyolm5d8o
_400x400.png) Janice is the Founder and CEO of
[ChickTech](https://chicktech.org/), a national nonprofit dedicated to
empowering girls and women in the technology industry and creating a more
inclusive technology culture. Janice holds a BS degree in computer engineering
and an MBA. Her passion lies in creating change to improve women's lives. She
founded ChickTech in 2012 based on her experiences as a woman in technology
and is driven to provide a more positive experience in the technology industry
for others.

Janice will be presenting her talk "Breaking Through the Glass Walls of Tech":

54% of women leave tech by year 10 in their career. Our industry is losing
great talent, diverse perspectives, and opportunities daily. We aren't moving
the needle as fast as we need to, and organizations and industry leaders alike
are trying to figure out why. In her talk, Janice will tell you the history of
and inspiration behind ChickTech, the top three issues that are holding back
progress towards gender equity in tech, and how we can start breaking through
those barriers.